Now, the prep school is not as surprising because we went to the same prep school.
He was happy.
This is not holographic.
No, no, no.
And then he had, if I'm not mistaken, if I'm not mistaken, he had a copy of my senior thesis at Princeton, which is
which I didn't have for a long time.
That's kind of funny, isn't it?
Anyway, your new book, which I think is great.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
And you brought Blodwick back.
Yeah.
How did that come to pass?
You couldn't let him go, could you?
Well, it was because they needed a...
a voice, the investigative voice.
And essentially, and he needed a voice.
I needed a voice.
It was a voice I was familiar with.
As I think I might have told you the last time we talked, I was quite surprised when it turned out that he was the leading character in the red, white, and blue, because I thought, first I thought his brother Breaux would be, and then I thought that Leah, whenever she came on the screen, took over the book.
But of course, he is the survivor, and so he turned out to be here.
In this book, he's basically just a boy.
and trying to find out.
So it was easier.
And I always like to know what happens to people after the book is over.
I was giving a reading a couple of weeks ago, and everyone said to me, whatever happened to Thomas Mullins in intrusion fashion?
And I said, I'm really glad you asked.
And this was in the QA afterwards.
And I read him the portion of this.
book, which had to do with Tom Sawyer seeing how he got involved in this murder case thing we couldn't solve, and then how he died in 1984.
So I'd like to sort of go back to these people.
It is conceivable that the book that I'm working on, I think I'm working on now, that I'm something around it now, that the leading character would be Blue Tyler's daughter, the woman who originally this book was supposed to be about.
and he doesn't make any character to the last page.
And I was feeling that the new book's going to be, I've been sort of fooling around with a voice.
A sequel?
No, no, no.
This will take place live in Washington.
And they have sort of fringes of politics.
in Washington and probably New Mexico.
Now, you said that this started out as a book about her.
Is that right?
Well, a lot of things happened.
I sort of had an idea of doing a book, sort of a contemporary, Sister Carrie, in which Sister Carrie was a kind of
singing off from Ginny Foch.
Do you remember Ginny Foch?
Ginny Foch was the leader of Mao.
Her past wife came up and she murdered a number of years.
And she had this mother who was this kind of baggage mother.
It didn't work for a number of reasons, not the least of which it was too fresh.
in mine.
I mean, it was just, so you were, so you were, you would essentially be doing a Ramona Clay, and it was, it was, it was, many people would notice it, which, which is no fun, you know, you know, to do, I mean, I don't, I don't, I don't know how you can keep yourself awake doing a book about the Kennedys, say, a book about Donald Trump.
I mean, I just don't know, everyone knows it, and it's a,
Like a little distance from it.
So that didn't work.
And then we had a long, long, long, long time that we had an idea about doing something.
About a Jewish gangster who goes to Hollywood, obviously inspired by Dougie Spiegel, and who fell in love with Shirley Temple.
But not Shirley Temple, Qua Shirley Temple.
That was just like a two-line idea that I had somewhere.
And then John and I got asked to do a movie about those things.
And we turned it down.
I said to him, what about a kind of generic Jewish gangster?
He gave him an idea of the generic Jewish gangster.
And so Lee started working screen playing, which fell between the cracks.
The studio was sold.
It was like, you know, Johnny Evans leaving Europe.
Sure.
And you're out there in the Gulf.
And so it just, yeah, it was for Lorimar.
And then Lorimar was bought by one or by the family.
It was in someplace colder than Siberia.
So I put it aside.
Went back to work in the book.
And...
Then medicine intervened, and then I thought, well, you know, medicine, I was, and then I'd run back, before medicine intervened, I'd have this, have the bag lady be this chili pimple 45 years later.
Now, how did she get to this point?
That's what I couldn't figure out.
And then I had opened, I was racing through the Honolulu airport the day after Christmas, 1990, and I went boom.
It went out for a couple of seconds.
Scary though.
Yes, scary.
John said to me when I was active, I said, no.
It happened to me once before.
I said, I'll be okay.
I'll just keep.
When I got back to New York, I went to my doctor and had a very serious test.
Obviously, at some point, I was going to have to have an open-heart surgery.
And so I got a second opinion on a Saturday at the London Hospital.
And the second opinion doctor said to me, after doing this, he does his own workout.
He said to me, you have two options.
If you have this operation, you know what?
You die.
Tends to concentrate the mind wonderfully.
And so I was operated on a couple of weeks later.
And... You never had a heart attack?
No.
And I had a heart attack.
It was just... I had... It was a genetic thing.
My aortic valve had basically closed.
I wasn't getting what caused the paining.
I wouldn't.
The blood budget was down, as they say.
And so I was getting it down.
Now, getting over that, I think about eight years, whatever.
I love the stuff that I read in the paper that Michael Eisner, after he had his triple bypass, was a big painting memo the next day.
Bullshit.
It was bullshit.
Give me a break.
I had a ventral hernia thing last day, which is no big deal.
But I was in the hospital someplace and I didn't feel like doing anything.
It takes about eight weeks to get over.
And then I was just getting back to work and I got blood poisoning.
I got bitten by a bug.
Mosquito, I reckon.
Mosquito, yeah.
I got a bit on the ankle.
And either the mosquito was carrying bacteria, or there was bacteria in my skin where the puncture was, or when I scratched it, there was bacteria in my finger.
And my left leg went up, boom, like this.
It was Saturday.
Saturday.
What was the mosquito carrying?
Some bacteria.
From the gut from what?
Oh, from the gut.
It could have been nesting and shit.
You know, it could have been nesting and nesting and nesting and stuff.
This was on an off Broadway theater, and I thought my doctor would be on Nantucket, where he goes every summer, around the weekend.
I called him.
It turned out he was the cover doctor for his group that weekend.
He was in town.
I told him what happened, and he came right over.
He took one look at my leg for this.
because I had the plastic bag.
Infection is a really big word.
And so I was in the hospital, that time, 10 days.
And I was basically just taking this industrial chain of antibiotics.
And as he said to me, I was at a lot more risk for this than I ever was for the heart surgery.
Because he said, we forget.
In our parents' generation, my doctor is Tim Wells.
He's Bill Wells' brother.
Okay.
Yeah.
Francis Wells.
His name is, his nickname, Tim.
And Tim said to me, we forget, in our parents' generation, people die of infection.
They die of fever.
Women die of puerperal fever after childbirth.
And he said, and I thought that puerperal fever was...
was a part of the birth.
He said, no, it's an infection that sets into the womb after giving birth.
And that's what killed women in childbirth.
Not the pain of the childbirth, it was the infection.
My grandmother died in childbirth.
Yeah, and it was, it was, well, I was,
is a Byzantine way of saying that for about eight months I didn't work.
Eight months in which I didn't think about the book.
Eight months in which when I came back, I came back to absolutely fresh.
I wasn't batting my head against it.
How much had been done at that point?
It wasn't still a card set.
Too many pages.
That's a lot.
200 pages, and I never could get beyond that.
The 200 that are here?
Yeah.
Because this could go anywhere after the first 90 pages.
Basically, it's the 200 that are there, slightly rearranged.
I mean, until that guy, the cat, that's what would go anywhere.
And it was up to the shopping expedition and the shopping mall, and I never knew where.
I couldn't figure out where to go.
And with a slight rearrangement, it was because I hadn't thought about it.
It was preoccupied.
Yeah, but I hadn't thought about it, which is really good, because sometimes you've got to step away from something else to figure out.
And it took me two years to do the first 200 pages, and it took me seven months to do the last 500 pages of manuscript.
Because once I did a slight rearrangement,
There's a chapter, right, the first chapter after the shopping expedition begins something like, in the fullness of time, I've tried to contemplate why certain banks have become legends and others become only legends, fictions.
That was way up in the front of the book.
Did you always intend to really write about the film colony?
Not...
Not really, yes, but to what degree... Yeah, but to what degree, I didn't know.
And so, as I said, the last 500 pages, that was cute, and it was bliss.
I mean, the first two years were just crazy.
I was so depressed, as you always are.
Once I figured out how to do it, I was walking in the park one morning.
I walked in Central Park every morning for three miles.
And I came home and I said to Joan, I know how to finish three books.
And first of all, I just took this thing out and put it there.
And when I sat down and did it, and it was... Does Joan read your stuff?
Always.
Always, as I read her stuff.
She just showed me...
And before I left, she showed me the first 60 pages of her novel.
And she said, I don't know where it's going.
And I said, have you ever known where a book is going?
Have I ever known where a book is going?
You just go where it thinks you're going.
She was pissing and moaning.
I thought it was terrific.
And it takes place in 1984, in the 80s, 84, you know, early 84.
And so she wrote another 12 pages.
She wrote it to me the night before I left, and I read every 12 pages.
I said, this is your idea of not knowing where to go.
Just keep doing it.
That's great.
You've written how many books now?
I saw a number of books.
Ten or eleven.
I can even say 12, because I wrote a novel, which is my first book, which has been cannibalized.
There's nothing left now.
There's nothing left about it.
Yeah.
I've used bits and pieces.
I've used it in movies.
I've used it in journalism.
I've used it in other books.
There's nothing left.
It's just dust.
Any problem going from nonfiction?
No, I like doing it.
I did it.
Screenplays, I suppose, I like doing the least, but it pays them up.
So it pays everything else.
I did a piece on A.J.
Simpson this summer for the other group, which ran not on the issue that's on the stand now, but the preceding issue, which I...
There's a big journalism piece I've done in a long time, which I really enjoy doing.
Oh, forget it.
I'm fascinated by this case.
Well, I wanted to step back.
Everyone's doing all this shit.
Did this happen?
Did that happen?
Essentially, what I wanted to do was the unexamined illustration of rhetoric, in which there's too much heroes, tragedy.
He isn't a hero.
It's not really tragic.
But I want to do something about jock culture, which I get into a long thing about what must it be like to live a life in which you're never going to do anything again in your life, as well as what you can do at age 25, in which you're professionally somehow certain.
So I had a lot of fun doing it.
I really didn't get it.
Did you see the stuff today?
Now they're saying they found socks in his room.
They put blood on it.
No, it is.
This morning on the news.
Yes.
I don't think he will beat it.
I don't, but I don't think he'll get rid of one either.
It's going to be a tough one.
I did an interview with Donald Wesley a couple weeks ago.
Funny guy.
Yes, he is funny.
in this particular novel.
I don't know.
I didn't want to get involved in guilt or anything.
I do believe that while we all maintain that we believe
It doesn't really apply to Menendez's brothers or the cops that beat Rodney King or to O.J.
and Ron Paul James Simpson, as I follow along the way through this piece.
And it is...
I'm not saying this DA's office and why they had lost so many cases.
I don't want to say win or lose because of how they failed in those convictions and cases that they should have.
One of the reasons, which I don't get into, is that in the last 12 years, in the Duke-Mage and the people's negotiations,
they have made almost 1,300 judges, and 100 of them come out of the LABA zone.
So you take, that's a lot of people, that's a lot of senior people, Laskita, who was the judge in such a case, who was a cyber prosecutor.
Kathleen Kennedy Powell, who did the, who, she's a former,
L-A-D-A.
So you take senior people out.
He's in such a huge office.
I think they've got 900 lawyers.
Well, yesterday was bizarre.
CNN, I mean.
I couldn't believe it.
I said, what's his press conference about?
Michael Jackson.
I mean, two of the lead stories on the national news are both with T.J.
You know?
Amazing.
I love the fact that you still must collect arcania from every possible place.
I do.
And you use it.
I use it.
You know, I was this morning before you called.
I was going to try and put my stuff together.
And I have a thing of clips from the various newspapers that I picked up along the way.
I was looking very clear.
The Atlanta Constitution, or the morning paper, whatever it was called, has, every day, they have a notebook on the Simpson case, which goes down the left, the two columns on the left-hand side of the even-numbered page.
Two columns?
Two columns.
That's huge.
And it goes right down, right down.
It's like Columbine phone, too.
And it's called Simpson Notebook.
Something like that.
And I picked that stuff.
I picked that stuff in Chicago.
I picked that stuff in Miami.
I just take it out a little while.
I've got maybe a half dozen clips just for different things or on Simpson?
No, different things.
How do you file this?
Under categories?
No, a lot of them I'll put it on a computer.
I'll put them, I'll just say, with a clip file, I'll say, Miami Herald, September, whatever, something, something, something, something.
A guy who killed a hundred dogs in one night.
Just, you know.
Well, the thing about the cotton,
on the electric chair.
I actually knew, I actually had known that before, but that was in something, yeah, you know.
The thing on this production is that the oral sexual act, where he's using a certain kind of, where the hell is he picking that thing?
I mean, you use it in your fiction, and it's not gratuitous.
It does seem to be something to characterize it.
I use it, and also a lot of the stuff is not gathered for this book.
It's just stuff I've had, and it's in the notes for a previous book, and I go through all my notes.
every thought, and sort of cull what I haven't used, and just sort of aside for the next time out of the box.
And I did, you know, for example, the name Melbourne Made, Tulati, was a piece in a Fresno or Sacramento newspaper about lifers in the California prison system, and there's this guy called
melvin i think it was melvin melvin tulati spelled too late and he got absolutely batshit when the reporter called him too late and it was i said i thought it's such an unusual name i have no idea what the ethnic derivation is yeah i have no i have no idea what
I don't know.
What would Tulate or Tulate be?
If it's Tulate, you could say conceivably Indian.
But I have no idea.
No idea.
I remember going back in the 50s, the great Giants football team was a great
His name was Eric Barnes, and he was called Erich.
Erich Barnes, yes.
Erich, what the hell is that name?
Erich Barnes, I remember one thing about my memory.
Somebody was doing an on-site kick, trying to get the ball back against it.
And, of course, they had all the ball hammers up close.
And it came to Erich Barnes, and he was right through the sixth entry for a touchdown.
I got a guy in that book, Charles Blockson, did you ever hear of him?
He was a wonderful football player.
Pardon me, he was Lenny Moore's roommate at Penn State, and he was offered an ironclad, you know, he just walked on again.
I hope you don't mind, but I don't know why I like that.
Is it a love cake kind of a thing you do in the movies?
No, it's, no, no.
He's essentially supported us for 25 years.
I like doing it.
I think we have a certain facility in it.
In terms of the novel, too, I mean, you are certainly... Could it be called a satire or something?
No, I don't think it's called a satire.
It's around a sort of unblinking eye.
And it's, you know, the interesting thing about Hollywood is that nobody understands.
People out there don't really care what anyone says who has worked there.
They figure that they proceed from certain knowledge and who has been a member of the community, as it were.
What drives them crazy is an outsider comes down.
Um, say Bob Woodley.
They get the nuance wrong.
They might get the facts right, but they get the nuance wrong.
They get the subtext.
They don't get the subtext.
And so, John and I over the years have written some very harsh things about Hollywood.
Nobody has ever complained.
Because we have a sense of the nuance, the kind of social weave.
There's a point very, very early in this book where talking about Chucky, after Chucky O'Hara, had named names and came back.
And a lot of the social historians said that he was, you know, absent character, absent character.
And Jack asked him why he did it.
He didn't want it to work.
It is the work that is possible in everything.
And when I said something, I said that Hollywood really does not banish you for moral transgression.
If you understand that, it does not say it's right or it's wrong.
It is just a fact of the... I'm sure Roman Polanski came back.
Oh, sure.
Absolutely.
No problem.
Except if the judge, except the... And assuming everything could be resolved.
Yeah.
I saw on the paper recently where the woman was now 31 or 32 years old.
I think it's crazy for him to be kept away.
Interesting story.
Pardon me for not asking me that much about the novel.
The novel speaks for itself.
You mentioned when Chuckie takes off his leg.
Is that based on something?
No.
We've all seen those news.
I just wanted to do something that would be
I always had Chuckie as a war hero.
Chuckie's my favorite character in the book.
Really?
Yes.
He's my favorite character.
He's the one I wanted.
I wanted him to be a director, a breed I generally do not like.
I wanted him to be a reactionary.
I wanted him to be a Semite.
I wanted him obviously gay.
I wanted him to become a communist because he had some boyfriend who was in the party.
I wanted him a war hero.
I wanted him to rock his back.
I wanted him to be blacklisted.
I wanted him to name names.
I just kept on building this.
I'm not all at once.
Which makes him a real person.
It makes him anyway.
And I wanted you to like him.
And I just thought, God, it'd be great if he, if, if when he pacifies, he takes office.
Well, he does this thing, and he knows nobody's listening to him, because they're just, they're just looking at this, they're just looking at this, at this, at this stump there.
And I thought it'd be, you know, it'd be.
I interviewed John Silber.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, back on.
Yeah, well, it has the, and I,
And then the thing, I spoke that my favorite passage in the book is where Jackie is talking about his friendship with Jacob King.
And he realizes that it's because of his, because he has lost his life.
And I don't know where, it's fairly well on into the book.
It's one of the, it's the last passage I always read.
when I do a reading.
He realizes that Jacob, all these people, and he is still, he wants to know what it is like to die.
And he assumes that's going to happen to him sometimes.
And he wants to make sure that he behaves as well as those gay movies make.
You know what I like about many things?
First, you don't lose your sense of humor with all the magical stuff that you've been through.
It's funny.
It's a funny book.
Oh, yeah.
I hope it's funny.
You laugh at that.
And number two, you don't seem to be intimidated by concepts of political exactitude.
No.
And that's such a work.
Yeah.
You know, even taking on Emily Dickinson, I mean, you can't.
You can't.
You're in serious trouble.
She's an icon.
But it's true.
How the black guy gets whacked.
That's a funny story.
Except for the fact.
That story actually happened.
Except for the fact of whacking me.
I had bought $331 worth of sheets.
No.
No, of course not.
$351 with the sheets at Berger.
This was right after we moved into it.
We bought a small apartment in New York in 1984.
And then we moved back to New York in 1988.
And don't keep any place long in California.
But when we bought the small apartment, it was two blocks from Berger.
I went there.
I bought the sheets.
I was walking up 58th Street.
And I saw this woman walking down, and she's like all the women I've been running into in hotels across America, who come to these business conferences.
And she was wearing a suit and all the things.
And then she had a little bit of a look.
And I saw this guy with dreadlocks.
She was about a quarter of the way down 58th Street.
And I saw this guy with dreadlocks at the top of the street.
And I knew he was going for her bag.
I just knew it.
And he went past her and boom, that bag was on her shoulder.
And he went flying back now.
I was smart enough not to take the sheet.
But the other thing was $300 worth of sheets is heavy.
It is.
You know, sheets are heavy.
They are really heavy.
And that's—that's—so I just added that little touch on it.
Well, it gets them in trouble with the crops, which is important.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, true.
Yeah.
And which is going to happen today, too.
I mean, if you take a—if you intervene in a situation, you're going to—you're going to—essentially, I wanted to do—to do bonfire and vanities in five pages.
That's pretty wild.
What do I thought?
And it's amazing how you pick up on the obits.
I've been reading them now, the AIDS obits.
Immediately you go to Cusco.
When I see how old a person is, immediately go to Cusco.
Immediately go, and the Times insists on giving it.
And then the longtime companion and stuff.
I haven't seen Lover creeping yet, but have you?
Yes, I have seen Lover, not in the New York papers.
But you, the mate, you see, companion.
Companion, that's what you say.
And then the wife, yeah.
Then you think, when it says, when they say, his mother says, you know the mother's never going to say, his mother's going to say pneumonia.
Yeah.
They insist on the cause of death.
I mean, the times really... Yeah, they want to know.
They put it right up there.
And generally, if you look at the age and they're in love and any kind of... A friend of mine... A friend of ours died of AIDS a few years ago.
And his daughter was...
Their mother was dead, already dead, and his daughters wanted to put in that she died of pain.
But his mother was still alive, and the mother was 80-odd years old, living in Missouri someplace, and she didn't want to do it.
And so they bowed to the mother's wishes.
who they knew, they were aware of his father.
Tragic enough to die.
I don't think they're stigmas.
You know, our friend Tony Richardson died, and he was, you know, and the kids, Natasha and Joey and Catherine, it was never an issue.
They were not going to say.
You have a project say, it's all grist for the mill.
That's on page 23.
And I have a subject that goes back to our, we were talking earlier, everything is grist for the mill.
Everything, yeah.
Everything, everything is.
Everything is grist for the mill.
You never know how it's going to be grist for the mill.
Is the writer always writing?
I mean, are you looking?
Well, somebody asked you, how many hours a day do you look?
I'd say 24.
Sure.
because you're always picking up stuff.
I was on David Budnoy's show last night, and he said, well, he said, we were talking about the difference between New York and Los Angeles.
We moved back to New York.
It is a question that I have to hear.
Yeah.
We moved back from Los Angeles in 1988.
And he was talking about the car and the car.
I said,
You forget one thing about the car.
In composure, you do everything in the car.
I would go on.
I would go on and do an errand for 10 minutes.
I'd get my watch fixed, get my shoes done, or bring the laundry to the laundry.
I always brought the laundry to the laundry.
We never had it picked up.
You're in the car.
You're alone.
You get the radio going.
and you're in this kind of cocoon, and it orders your thoughts.
In New York, you go and bring your shoes to get fixed, you're bumping into people in New York.
But you can do it as a pedestrian in New York.
New York is really one of the most great American cities where people really do live in the life of New York.
Yeah, but there's always aggravation of, get out of the way, you know, or some rollerblader comes in.
I like that a lot.
Rollerbladers drive me absolutely crazy.
I'd like to know why they don't license them, why they don't license cans of spray paint.
Why not license cans of spray paint?
And why rollerbladers and bicyclists don't have to follow traffic.
Why they can go through red lights.
Yeah, it just is.
You block the box in New York.
They tell you the fine, what it's going to be.
And they're blocking the box.
Do you keep the car in New York?
I did until our garage went up to $600 a month.
And I said, $600 a month, you can take a lot of limousines for $600.
Taxis are cheap.
And these car hire places that you call and they have a car at your door in 10 minutes.
I mean, when you're doing $600 a month plus the insurance and plus everything else, it's just... So why did you move?
You mentioned in the Times piece you went by the old house and there's other flowers and you missed the pool.
Yeah, I mean... Was this more of a...
It was a creative move, but... No, it was, it was, it was, it was time.
That was it.
I mean, we'd been there for 24 years.
I felt stepped out.
I felt because I had written eight books, which was published largely in Los Angeles.
And I wasn't, I didn't think I had anything more to say.
I wasn't really, it was just, it was,
And so we talked about it, talked about it, talked about it.
And then one day we said, let's just put the house on the market and see what we can get for it.
And so we called the real estate agent.
The real estate agent came by and sold it one day.
And you got your price.
Actually, we didn't take the highest price because somebody asked.
We had three people bidding.
They gave them boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
And they, the bidding... To the second auction, almost.
Yeah, and it was... The highest bid, which was more than we did, had a second mortgage.
A little baggage that you didn't need.
Yeah, which is the baggage we didn't need.
And the person who bought it would pay all cash and pay our price.
And so we said, all right.
And so...
Then we couldn't back out, because if you get the price, according to the real estate contract, if you get the price, you have to pay according to the California law, you have to pay the commission, which at the time we saw it was at the very top of the market.
And you were ready to move, obviously.
Yeah, we were ready to move.
So then we went back to New York 10 days later.
We didn't have a place to stay.
And this place we hadn't looked at in the fall because it was too expensive.
Well, there was the stock market attack in between.
And you felt like a stock market.
And essentially, we just exchanged prices.
And I think it gives you a little bit of distance now to write about that.
And it also turned out right because I did, I wrote two books the first two years I was there.
You mentioned that Chuckie's your favorite character.
Do you basically have affection for most of them?
Oh, yeah.
And you did mention that there's one you detest.
Sidney Allen.
Yeah.
Sidney Allen, who I... And this is a composite character?
No, it wasn't even a... It was not even a composite character.
But there certainly are people like this out there, right?
Yeah, there certainly are people like this out there.
And we did a movie once.
Yeah.
We got notes from the studio executive, who was a woman, a woman I detested.
And practically everything Jackie says comes out of those notes.
It was Sidney Allen, excuse me.
Practically everything Sidney Allen says comes out of those notes.
I had them pinned to my bulletin board, and whenever I needed to check it, boom, I would take one of her notes and then put it in to dialogue.
And she is still active.
So do you have fun?
Do you write in a computer, Wordpress?
Yeah.
I have since—the first book I wrote on Wordpress, it was Harp.
I've written everything since.
It's a lot easier.
It has one downside.
I think you tend to write longer.
You do.
You can always revise up to the last second.
You can revise up to the last second.
And I think you insert things.
And also, because I keep my notes,
also on the computer.
It's easier to find things.
Before I was always going through the notebooks and trying to find stuff.
Now you just do an F2 search.
I love it.
My eyes are going to hell.
We're always buying computers.
I just wanted
I just bought a new compact desk.
John does not like a desk model, but I'm a big sucker.
I bought a new compact desk model with a 350 megabyte hard drive, which means you can put in everything.
And I got it on sale for $999.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
which is really expensive.
Say hi, hi, babe.
I've got to haul.
I've got to move you a quarter.